wasatch pediatrics is in your
neighborhood with seven locations from
Park City to west jordan and from
bountiful to Draper our caring
physicians would love to participate
with your family in the care of your
children as they grow to adulthood
wasatch Pediatrics has 45 pediatricians
all accredited by the American Academy
of Pediatrics and six pediatric nurse
practitioners a physician's assistant
and a child psychologist our well
trained medical assistants and nurses
are available to answer your questions
during business hours and there are
doctors on call from each of our offices
who can be reached 24 7 this is our
Cottonwood office located next to Tosh
hospital in Murray you may learn more
about each of our doctors and at which
location they practice by visiting our
website at wwlp.com arks office is
located in the women's pavilion at the
st. Mark's Hospital the doctors provide
individual care for patients from
newborn to age 18 years old adjacent to
the Lakeview hospital you will find our
grown-up great office our experienced
pediatric staff provide treatment and
counseling for a wide variety of
childhood concerns our summit office in
park city recently moved to a brand new
location near the park city hospital our
doctors have partnered with all of the
hospitals in our area and care for
newborns after delivery until they go to
their new homes the Willow Creek office
is located in the Cottonwood Heights
area concussion testing is offered in
their building for all young athletes
this testing includes baseline testing
and post sports injury testing our
draper location is just off a hundred
and twenty third south remember you may
reach our physicians by phone whenever
you have a concern about one of your
children our south point office is in
West Jordan off of 90th south and 13th
west our child psychologist is in this
office and our Cottonwood
since we are in your neighborhood with
seven convenient locations to serve you
we hope you'll allow us to partner with
you in care of your children visit our
website to find the nearest location to
you